[tranquil music playing]
-[chuckles]
-[chuckles] Wait up. Wait up!
Be careful now!
You'll fall if you keep running!
-[Mob grunts]
-[gasps] Whoa, are you okay, brother?
-[sobs]
-[Mrs. Kageyama] See? I tried to warn you.
Come on, let me take a look.
[whimpers, screams]
-Wow.
-Oh, not this again. Shige, stop!
[laughs]
Ah, well, what the heck? [chomps]
[toy plane whooshing]
[music concludes]
["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ What do you want to be? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Break it down ♪
♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ The Mob is alive ♪
♪ The Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Your life is your own ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
EVEN THEN
~CONTINUE FORWARD~
[intriguing music playing]
Who'd have thought?
A whole building in Mob's name. Way to go.
Though the Psycho Helmet Religion
still hasn't found its leader,
it now has over 700 members.
PSYCHO HELMET RELIGION
[Mezato] Thanks to an anonymous donation,
they were able to create a headquarters,
and its followers work tirelessly
to recruit new people.
[grunts]
[Mezato] They have no form of scripture,
nor any idea what to do.
All they know
is that their beloved founder
is apparently a real esper
and in middle school.
The faith is also gaining popularity
and spreading on the internet
as a meme religion.
-[wind whooshing]
-[Mezato] If Mob ever decides to appear
and make his identity known,
this order will get even bigger!
I wanna see that happen, because…
Well, it just seems like it'd be fun.
[music concludes]
It's your favorite time of year
once again.
That's right, you guessed it,
annual marathon time!
IN 10 DAYS
SALT MIDDLE SCHOOL ALL-STUDENT MARATHON
[student] Oh, man. Seriously?
Enough. No excuses.
Don't even think about faking an illness.
[indistinct chatter]
[school bell chimes]
[Mezato] Hey, Mob.
[Mob] Mezato, what is it?
Well, there's something
I wanna talk to you about.
You think maybe you could meet me
on the roof during lunch?
It's really important, okay?
I'll be waiting for you.
Shigeo!
Maybe a young lady's going
to ask you out again.
But this time for real!
No, I'm pretty sure
she just wants to talk.
You can be so dramatic, Dimple.
I don't get it.
I liked you much better
when you were bright-eyed and innocent.
It wasn't that long ago you'd get beet-red
and flustered from even talking to a girl.
[soft music playing]
[Mezato] Thanks for coming, Mob.
I wanted to talk to you
about the marathon.
Oh. Right.
Uh-huh, that makes sense, I guess.
[Dimple]
Wait. Was he actually expecting more?
I had an idea about what you should do.
Why not use your powers to run faster
and then totally shock everyone
by winning?
But, why?
[Mezato] Well, believe it or not,
there's this fan club
that's been looking for you.
Fan club?
[Mezato] It's a religious group.
They call themselves Psycho Helmet.
Oh, it's a religious group.
WE'RE LOOKING FOR OUR GOD.
-Those guys.
-[tense music playing]
So during that press conference
the other day,
apparently there was
a split-second shot of you from behind.
They analyzed the footage and found out
that your uniform
was from Salt Middle School.
The followers are positive
that the poltergeist incident was real,
-and it only deepened their devotion.
-[crowd cheering]
Knowing them,
they're sure to observe the area
during the marathon.
When they do, you can reveal your powers
and then prove you're the leader
they've been looking for!
Don't you wanna make an important moment
like that as epic as possible?
-[music concludes]
-I'm sorry,
but I think that would be cheating.
Physical strength only.
I'm jogging now, so maybe by next year,
I'll be able to place in the top ten.
Oh, wow!
You really thought
about this race that much?
Who knew you actually had a goal in mind?
[sighs] It can't be next year!
Then we'll be cramming
for our high school entrance exams!
Which means we won't have time
to deal with stuff like this anymore!
Right, I forgot.
-[whimsical boing]
-That's not good.
-What now?
-[dramatic musical sting]
I had a plan.
If I ran in next year's marathon,
and placed in the top ten,
I was gonna ask out Tsubomi.
-What? Are you serious?
-[tense music playing]
Wait, you mean Takane?
I blew it
during the student council election,
but I was hoping to look cool,
placing at next year's marathon.
[Dimple] Shigeo!
How were you able to change so much
right under my nose without me noticing?
[Mob] If next year doesn't work,
it'll have to be this year.
I'll just have to train as hard as I can
and place somewhere in the top ten.
[both] Uh…
TELEPATHY CLUB
BODY IMPROVEMENT CLUB
[Inukawa laughs]
No way!
I never imagined I'd hear you say that.
Do you even remember
where you finished last year?
I was 291st--
Right! Way too slow!
You finished
in the very bottom ten of 300.
So how do you expect to jump
to the top end in just ten days?
[sighs]
A 5K is a tough race,
no matter how you look at it.
Uh. My older brother
is on the high school track team
and he's really good.
Should I ask him for some tips?
Last-minute advice
isn't going to suddenly turn him
-into a speedster!
-[whimpers]
Maybe watch what you eat
between now and the race
and tone your body a bit and--
-We're not talking about a diet here!
-[yelps]
I know. Why don't you buy
some fancy running shoes?
He's not made of money.
I'll just do my best.
-[Onigawara] Damn straight, Kageyama!
-[gasps]
-[upbeat rock music playing]
-That's why you're our shadow leader.
These methods and their efficiency
don't count for squat.
What really matters
is whether or not you wanna do this.
For you,
it's about having the will to succeed.
However, Kageyama, doing your best
and giving something your all
ain't exactly easy!
Do you have what it takes
to really put everything on the line here?
Uh. Yes, I do.
Hmm.
Then take my running shoes.
What? But those shoes are brand new!
You're just gonna give them to Mob?
-[Mob] Thanks, but why, Onigawara?
-[music concludes]
[scoffs] Just do this thing.
He's the coolest.
-[Musashi] Ah, there they are!
-[all gasp]
So you ended up with them, Kageyama.
Onigawara bought those shoes
in the wrong size. [laughs]
[Tome] Why did you have to ruin it?
SPIRITS AND SUCH CONSULTATION OFFICE
[Reigen]
Why are you so fidgety today, Mob?
Oh, sorry.
I'm just trying to get
in some exercise every chance I can.
Guess that's not exactly fidgeting.
[Dimple] The boy's got
a big marathon coming up.
A big marathon, huh?
I always faked being sick
to get out of running them.
He hopes that placing in the top ten
will give him the courage
to tell Tsubomi how he feels.
[Reigen gasps]
Seriously?
That's a big step.
[footsteps thudding]
Hmm.
You won't be needed here
for the next few days.
Huh? I won't? But why?
[Reigen] Looks like it's gonna be
a slow week for new clients.
More importantly, you should be jogging
to better prepare for this race.
-All right, get changed.
-Huh?
We're gonna get your legs accustomed
to the actual course you'll be running.
[uplifting music playing]
-Come on! Lift those feet, Reigen!
-[pants] Shut up!
I haven't been running
that much myself lately!
-[pants]
-I can't hear you! Run!
[Reigen pants] Hey, Mob.
You wanna stop for some tea?
We've only been going
for about ten minutes, Master.
[both pant]
Huh? Brother?
Yo! How goes it, Ritsu?
[Ritsu] Hey, Dimple.
Is he training for the marathon?
Yeah. He's gonna place in the top ten
to boost his courage and ask out Tsubomi.
[Ritsu] What? Tsubomi Takane?
I remember playing with her
when we were all little kids.
But honestly,
I found her kinda hard to deal with.
I remember her going home
in the middle of a game of hide-and-seek.
[inhales] Now I'm worried.
Just be careful with all of this, brother.
[Mrs. Kageyama] Shige!
Wash your own dishes, all right?
-Shige!
-[Ritsu] It's okay, Mom.
I'll take care of it.
You don't have to, Ritsu.
You shouldn't spoil
your older brother like that.
Is something going on?
He's just been workin' really hard lately.
Knowing that,
I don't mind helping him out a little.
[snores]
[uplifting music continues]
[music concludes]
Thanks again for comin' by today, you two.
I look forward to working with ya.
I'm just doing this for my brother.
I want him to be able
to concentrate on training.
That said,
we're here to sub in for Kageyama.
Whatever you need, we're on it.
I appreciate it.
Could you sort those files?
And also take a look
at any exorcism request emails.
[door opens]
Excuse me? Are you guys open?
I didn't make an appointment, so--
[Reigen] Oh, you're in luck!
Uh, please, have a seat.
I'll be right with you.
All right. Now, would you mind
getting some tea ready?
And, uh…
Hey. Where'd he go?
He's hiding for some reason.
-[intriguing music playing]
-[Ritsu] Takane? What is she doing here?
I don't care about myself,
but I can't let her find out
that my brother has anything to do
with a shady place like this!
Um, I heard that you also specialize
in relationship advice.
-Right?
-Mm-hmm.
Think you could do that for us?
[Ritsu] Relationship advice?
[Reigen] Of course.
Just fill out this questionnaire, please.
Yeah, sure.
[Reigen] I see. Mm-hmm, mm-hmm.
So you go to Salt Middle School.
What a coincidence!
I know someone at Salt Middle School!
[Ritsu] Damn it, Reigen!
You shut your mouth!
So tell us,
what's this person like, Miki?
[Reigen clears throat]
I appreciate the help, kid,
but I can handle it from here.
I see.
So the person of interest
is probably in your grade,
maybe a bit older,
and they likely play some kind of sport.
Oh, wow! You're right!
Hmm. I see now.
He's on the soccer team,
so you wanna get him some new cleats.
Hmm. Hmm.
[Reigen] But if you get him
a really nice pair,
you're afraid that the monetary value
may leave a bigger impression
than your feelings.
WITH OUR SATISFIED CUSTOMERS
[Reigen] In that case,
I think you should start off as friends.
Ask him what his hobbies are
outside of soccer
or about his favorite TV show…
-So, basically…
-[music concludes]
…what I'm saying is that there's no need
for you to rush into things
by asking him out, Miki.
Not in my opinion, at least.
Wow! Okay, thank you so much!
That's actually some
really helpful advice!
Um, I didn't fill out the questionnaire,
but would you mind
if I asked you some questions too?
Sure, no problem.
Is this about a relationship as well?
Yes.
The person I like is actually someone
I met at cram school.
[Reigen] Ah, that's interesting.
-[Ritsu sobs]
-[Tsubomi] We talk to each other
-every day.
-Hey, what's up with you, man?
Sometimes we even meet up
and walk home together after cram school.
You think I should ask this person out?
[grunts]
Hmm, well, considering you two
are already close,
I think it'd be fine
to ask them out as soon as you like.
-[dramatic musical sting]
-[Ritsu] Hey!
From what you've been telling me just now,
the other person
is obviously interested in you as well.
If you ask them out,
there's a high probability
they'll say yes.
-[Ritsu] It's over. [whimpers]
-[Tsubomi] Okay, then.
[both] Thank you very much.
-Feel free to stop by anytime.
-[door opens]
-Do you know those two or something?
-[door closes]
'Cause they looked a little older
than you.
Well, uh…
I can't tell brother, I just can't.
-[pants]
-[Ritsu] I believe in you, Shige!
[Miki] I didn't know you went
to cram school, Tsubomi.
You've never mentioned it before.
I don't. The truth is,
-I just made that whole story up.
-Hmm?
I didn't want you
to get scammed or something,
so I thought I'd throw him
a curve ball and test him a bit.
You what? That's crazy,
but it makes sense, I guess.
So what do you think?
Did he pass your little test or what?
Hmm. How should I put this?
[soft intriguing music playing]
He didn't say anything wrong, exactly.
So, he's probably fine.
[music concludes]
-[jump rope whooshing]
-[quirky music plays, fades]
THE DAY OF THE MARATHON
[birds chirping]
[indistinct chatter]
SALT MIDDLE SCHOOL MARATHON
You can do it!
-My parents came out for this.
-Who do you think is the fastest?
-[tense music playing]
-[Mezato] This day has finally arrived.
It looks like there are
a few Psycho Helmet followers
waiting near the finish line.
It's time to present their beloved leader.
Come on, Mob! You've got this!
Ritsu will be just fine,
but I'm worried about Shigeo.
Yeah, he's got the stamina of a snail.
We should watch from somewhere mid-course
rather than the finish line.
NURSE'S STATION
[Kijibayashi coughs] Oh, no.
I think I've caught a cold. Bummer.
[Inukawa coughs]
Oh, did you catch a cold too, Kijibayashi?
[chuckles] So did I.
[Kijibayashi] Wow,
that's such a coincidence, Inukawa.
[Saruta coughs]
[Kijibayashi] You too, Saruta?
-[Saruta coughs]
-[Kijibayashi] Not bad for a first year.
[Saruta] Oh, thank you, you're too kind.
The Telepathy Club's
really taught me a lot.
-You're running, you lazy bastards!
-[all yelp]
[Tome] Even Mob's lined up
to do this thing.
So you three better get going too!
Shigeo! Hey, how ya doin', kid? Uh?
-[dramatic musical sting]
-[Dimple] He's doomed.
The poor guy is super nervous.
Don't look so down, Kageyama!
[Mob] President.
Show everybody
what all that training has done for you.
We're your rivals out there today.
[Mob] Rivals.
-I'll do my best!
-[gasps]
[scoffs] Looks like he put those
to good use.
Way to go, shadow leader.
[gym teacher]
We will now begin the boys' race
of the Salt Middle School Marathon.
Get ready!
[indistinct chatter]
[tense music playing]
[gym teacher] On your marks!
Set!
-[gunshot]
-[upbeat music playing]
[pants]
[grunts]
Brother!
[Ritsu chuckles softly]
[pants]
That leg's gonna keep you
from catching up to the frontrunners.
Do ya want me to possess you?
You only need
to make the top ten, right, Mob?
[pants]
Suit yourself.
My kid fell far behind
and he looked so annoyed.
[woman] There's no way
they'll catch up to the front.
Ritsu passed by a long time ago.
Yeah.
-[gasps]
-Shige!
Oh, no! What happened to your leg?
You've been building up
your stamina, right?
Hang in there!
Just keep it up!
You're doing great, Shigeo!
-I feel so proud of him.
-Me too.
I should make something extra yummy
for dinner tonight.
[Tsubomi gasps] There's Mob.
You can do--
[pants]
[Tsubomi] Hmm.
[Dimple] His form's all wrong.
Did he sprain something?
His pace is getting erratic too.
[pants]
Hey! You've only got
about a kilometer to go.
-Move those legs!
-[music concludes]
-Hey, Reigen. Nice outfit there, buddy.
-Shut it.
I thought I'd show up, step in,
and help him keep his pace
towards the end of the run,
but the group of guys up front
are way too fast.
-[all grunting]
-[Reigen] They're so far ahead.
I'm not sure you'd catch up
even if you sprinted.
-[pants]
-I've been counting the runners.
He's currently in 74th place.
And I am really proud of him
for doing that well,
but for him to finish in the top ten,
he has to pass 64 others.
That's a problem. Should we get a taxi?
[Reigen] I mean,
the thought did cross my mind, but…
Don't be ridiculous. Look at that face.
-[panting]
-[Reigen] See? He hasn't given up yet.
[panting continues]
[indistinct chatter]
[Mr. Koga] Kageyama.
-You're finally awake.
-Oh!
You shouldn't try pushing
yourself too far.
[Mob] Yes, sir.
So I take it the marathon's over, right?
It is.
Your younger brother managed
to overtake some upper classmen
and ended up in ninth place.
He did, huh?
[exhales] That's awesome.
[chuckles softly] Kageyama.
You know, you used
to always seem so down to me.
But you seem happier lately.
Yeah?
[Mr. Koga] Do you need a ride home?
[Mob] No, that's okay. Thanks.
[bird squawking]
He didn't show.
[man] Yeah.
Where in the world is our leader?
[gentle music playing]
[Mrs. Kageyama hums]
You're in a good mood.
And I have every reason to be.
We're celebrating!
Ritsu placed ninth and Shige did his best.
-Fair enough. [laughs]
-[doorbell rings]
-Huh?
-I'll get it.
It might be Shige.
[Mrs. Kageyama] Mr. Koga just called
saying he left school a little while ago.
I'm glad it was only mild anemia.
[music concludes]
-What's up?
-[dramatic music playing]
I know you.
You're that kid from…
How did you find this place?
Didn't I tell you I'd be seeing you again?
[Mrs. Kageyama] Who is it?
A friend of yours?
Mom, wait!
-Don't come over here right now!
-Easy. No need to be so rude.
Looks like your parents are here.
How unfortunate.
That complicates things.
Hold on.
What is that supposed to mean? [gasps]
[music concludes]
Uh? What's that?
Looks like smoke.
Wonder what's going on over there.
A fire, I guess?
Uh. Wait!
Isn't that about where…
[flames crackling]
[breathes shakily]
[woman 1] Apparently,
there was a sudden explosion
and it just went up in flames.
[woman 2]
They said it might've been arson.
[Mob gasps]
[explosion]
No one's seen the family,
so we don't know
if they got to safety or--
Oh, you're one of the Kageyama boys.
Thank goodness. We were so worried.
Hey! Hold on! What are you doing?
Get away from there!
Someone, please! Stop him before he--
-[woman 3 screams]
-[woman 1] He walked right into the fire!
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[Mob] It's okay. They're fine.
Dad was home today.
He can be kinda strict at times,
but he's strong and reliable.
He even took the day off
from work today to watch me run.
And Mom, she's always extra careful
when she uses the stove.
When I was younger, she yelled at me
for messing around with fireworks.
Not to mention, Ritsu was here.
My brilliant younger brother
who always keeps a cool head.
It's all right. It'll be all right.
It's too bad our home
is burning down but…
as long as we're together,
we can start over.
So no one's here?
-Good. They must've gotten away, then.
-[Dimple] Shigeo!
There were signs of a struggle
at the front door.
It looks like somebody
forced their way inside!
Then this was done on purpose?
Wait! If somebody broke in,
then that same person
could've kidnapped them
and taken them away!
[beeping]
Oh, no!
I have to hurry and look for clues!
-[music fades]
-[door creaking]
[gasps]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[gasps] Close your eyes, Shigeo!
-[Dimple] Look away! Look away!
-[heart thumping]
[beeping rapidly]
[static crackles]
-[explosion]
-[yells]
[crunching]
[music concludes]
["Memosepia" playing]
[song concludes]
[Reigen]
The super dangerous esper organization,
Claw, attacks Seasoning City!
The boss, minions, all of them!
It appears that I, Reigen Arataka,
must make a stand against them once again!
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 II,
episode nine,
"Show Me What You've Got
~Band Together~."
Illegal downloads? You wanna be cursed?